[Music]
25 years ago you played a concert in
front of the entire world
[Music]
one month ago you played in Barstow
California for 40 people most of them
were there for $2 taco night Bill and
Ted what have you got to say for
yourselves be back to each other and
party on dudes you were supposed to
unite the world and save reality as we
know it we spent our whole life trying
to write the song that we unite the
world why can't we take go to the future
when we have written it whoa take it
from ourselves
how is that stealing if we're stealing
it from ourselves
ah
[Applause]
[Music]
no way how'd you like our song it's a
little on the dark side but you know
that's cool
[Music]